well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so today we're going to talk about
animals and art we're going to talk
about it because when we did the video
about the artificial intelligence that
was creating art a lot of people brought
up elephants painting in the comment
section so we're going to talk about
that it is easy to believe that
elephants can paint if you've ever been
around them you know they are incredibly
intelligent creatures and they are full
of emotion human-like emotion real
emotion you you can definitely believe
that they have the creative abilities to
make art to paint add into that you very
well may have seen a video of an
elephant painting I mean that that
definitely could lead you to believe
that they paint in the videos are pretty
much always the same they're made in
Southeast Asia and there's an elephant
there an easel in front of them and they
have their human assistant and the human
assistant you know helps them with the
paintbrush get it gives them the
paintbrush
maybe holds a palette for them and the
rest of the time is just standing there
reassuring them you know kind of petting
them okay so those are at locations for
tourists and those are trained elephants
traditionally in Southeast Asia
elephants are trained through something
called the PIGE on literally translated
that means the crush or to crush it's
not just talking about the animal spirit
the elephant is placed in what amounts
to a vise and held there for days
it is beaten there are all kinds of
horrible things that happen to it there
are videos of it I'm not going to detail
them all they are trained to use the
word loosely with something called a
bull hook which is basically a stick
with a nail in it and that nail is
inserted to
soft-tissue right behind the ear some of
them also have a hook on the end of it a
sharp hook that is used to bash the
animal knowing that think about what
you're actually seeing when the human
assistant is standing beside the
elephant going like this the nail and
the reason the assistant hands the
elephant the paintbrush is because it's
actually dropped down their trunk the
paintbrush has a cross member that stops
it from going all the way in it is the
elephant is doing what it has been
trained to do it's not really creativity
on the elephant's part okay there are
tons of videos about this I don't want
to go into all of the details on it
because it is disturbing in fact if you
watch these videos you will see the
people describing it a lot of them start
crying why because elephants are
incredibly intelligent they are very
human-like and when you see them going
through this it does elicit a response
so why isn't this more well known a
whole bunch of reasons a whole bunch
first is let's think about the people to
go to Southeast Asia for tourism
they are normally people who are going
for a experience in another culture you
know they are the I'm going to Burma for
the summer have my granola type of
people and they often don't want to
interfere because they've been trained
they know you don't want to be a
colonizer you don't want to be a settler
you don't want to be The Ugly American
so they don't talk about it if they see
it
now add into that that this is an
ancient practice ancient literally age
not just old ancient so there is a lot
of leeway given in that regard then you
have to add into it that the money that
is made through these endeavors really
does go to conservation and a lot of
time a lot of times then you have to add
into it that if the animal wasn't in
these camps may not make it they're
targeted and then there's the big one
this is done in secret there's not a lot
of documentation on it and there are a
lot of people myself included who
completely believe that an elephant
could be trained to do this without
using these methods and there are some
that claim they don't so they it's hard
to single out who is and who isn't this
practice is very widespread it's it's
pretty horrible but a lot of the
handlers there don't actually use the
the horrible methods but you don't know
who it is but at the end of the day
understand that an elephant painting and
elephant holding a flower or something
like that is manufactured it's it's not
the creativity of the animal it's
something that the animal has been
trained to do most often under
conditions of torture it's not to say
all but it's definitely something that
people need to be aware of those those
cute paintings become a lot less cute
after you see what the pajama is and
after you see what the animal probably
endured to get there now on the upside
there is a new kind of tourism
going on over there and especially in
relation to elephants there are camps
that are set up where people can
actually interact and and get to kind of
get to know the elephant those camps are
most often foster camps there they're
bringing in elephants that were injured
during the job or at one of these less
reputable camps and again there's a
bunch of information out there about it
I just think it's one of those things
that because it doesn't get talked about
often should probably be brought up
every once in a while anyway it's just a
thought y'all have a good night